---
layout: post
title:  "Rampage"
date:   2018-04-18 11:17:35 -0400
---
"Rampage" is an action movie starring Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, as he attempts to protect the earth from massive mutated animals. While the action sequences were entertaining and exciting, the plot of the movie was extremely lacking and the acting was wooden and not believable.

Most of this movie feels like it is just trying to explain why the giant animals are attacking each other and the city of Chicago. The movie begins with an experiment in space that goes wrong and causes a rat to be mutated into a massive killing machine. The formula that was used to mutate the rat then falls to Earth where it infects a crocodile, a wolf, and a gorilla that was under the care of Johnson. All the animals immediately start growing and displaying high levels of aggression. 

Then the movies villains come in, who are by far the most ridiculous part of a ridiculous movie. They are the creators of the mutating formula and they devise a plan to attract all the animals to Chicago, for some unexplained reason. All the animals immediately start heading towards Chicago, causing a lot of death and destruction on the way. 

Finally after an hour of absurd plot and set up, the movie finally proceeds to the only good part, which is a fight between all the creatures in the center of the city. These action scenes were quite entertaining and were the only enjoyable part of the movie for me.

Overall, "Rampage" featured some of the worst plot and acting that I've ever seen in a movie, and its only redeeming grace was that there were some decent action scenes at the end.

Check out the [Trailer][trailer] and see the fiml's [IMDB page][IMDB] for more information

[trailer]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDrPYOK31GI
[IMDB]:   https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2231461/
